# DayBreak

## Story Concept
Talia is a Princess of Daylight and is the stories main character. She travels to find the Prince of Night, Anselm. To do this, she must traverse the dungeon guarded by her father, Ulrich, King of Daylight. By nature the love between Anselm and Talia is not allowed and members from both tribes will to try to stop her from finding her love. Anselm left a gift at the start of the dungeon, a spell to be used as a weapon against creatures of the night. She also holds a sword given by her sister to fight those of sunlight in her path. Her fathers chamber utilizes power from both day and night, she two must control powers from both to defeat him. Throughout the dungeon are items hidden that may act as aids in the princesses journey, these may be dropped by enemies or possibly given by a select few who wish to see them together, such as Anselm and Talias siblings. After Talia defeats Ulrich, the two are united only for a short time, creating Daybreak.

## Mechanics
### Talia
Talia will have two attacks, a melee attack and a ranged magic attack, the appropriate attack will be defined by the specific room where magic hits creatures of night, and melee hits creatures of day. The color scheme found within the room should clue in whether day or night is the appropriate type of attack.
### Rooms
Each room in the dungeon will be themed to either day or night depending on where the player is, day rooms will be bright with shades of yellow or orange, night rooms will be darker with shades of purple or blue. The boss room will be a mixture of both. I am closely imagining a room that is technically a day room, with spots of dark (~4x4 tile space) purposes for this will be included in the boss section.Overall My thought is to have the dungeon be 3x5 rooms in total, 7 for day, 7 for night, and 1 boss room.
### Enemies
While still not solid on this, enemies should be representative of what tribe they are in. Daylight including creatures like plant monsters, mummies, bears, flame demons, etc. Night creature examples are ghosts, spiders, wizards, etc. Enemy types and attacks should be discussed and decided on seperately, though I do have an idea for the final boss. During the fight with Ulrich, I think he would be best used as a boss who uses a lot of magic. While in daylight areas of the room, he fires solar ranged attacks, and while in dark squares fires a dark magic ranged attack. What really matters is that depending on where he is standing, decides what attack can damage him, solar being melee and dark being magic.
### Drops
Enemies, and a few allies will be dropping items throughout the dungeon. These include weapon upgrades, and health upgrades. An item nice to have randomly drop would be health refills though I think we should keep health and weapon upgrades from being random.